Q: Who developed python programming language? 
A: Guido van Rossum
Q: Which type of programming does Python support?
A: Object-oriented, structured, and functional programming.
Q: Is python case sensitive when dealing with identifiers?
A: Yes, Python is a case-sensitive language. This applies to identifiers also.
Q: What is the correct extension of the python file?
A: .py
Q: Is python code compiled or interpreted?
A: Python is an interpreted language
Q: Name a few blocks of code used to define in python language?
A: Indentation
Q: State a character used to give single line comment in python language?
A: # (Hash) character.
Q: Mention functions which can help us to find the version of python that we are currently working on?
A: sys.version, python_version() function and python -V command
Q: Python supports the creation of anonymous functions at runtime, using a construct called __________
A: Lambda
Q: What does pip stand for python?
A: Preferred installer program
Q: Mention a few built-in functions in python?
A: print(), type(), input(), len(), int(), list().
Q: What is the maximum possible length of an identifier in python?
A: 79 characters
Q: What are the benefits of using python?
A: Open source language, Object-Oriented and Procedural  Programming language, Versatile, Easy to read, learn and write, etc.-
Q: How is memory managed in python?
A: Memory management in Python involves a private heap containing all Python objects and data structures. The management of this private heap is ensured internally by the Python memory manager
Q: How to install python on windows and set path variable?
A: Install Python on windows
Go on Python.org at the section where you can download the windows executables:
https://www.python.org/downloads/windows/
Go down in the page and download the following executable (if your computer is 64 bits):
Windows x86-64 executable installer

Set path variables
Right-clicking This PC and going to Properties.
Clicking on the Advanced system settings in the menu on the left.
Clicking on the Environment Variables button o​n the bottom right.
In the System variables section, selecting the Path variable and clicking on Edit. The next screen will show all the directories that are currently a part of the PATH variable.
Clicking on New and entering Python’s install directory.
Q: Is indentation required in python?
A: The indentation in Python is very important.
